Cheap transportation for homeowners, similar to Slack. Uses VR.
Event planning for minorities, similar to Instagram. Uses chatbots.
Experience planning for women in STEM, similar to Pinterest. Uses React Native.
Education for brogrammers, similar to Instagram. Uses IoT.
Carpooling for couch potatoes, similar to reddit. Uses wearables.
Social media for children, similar to Doordash. Uses dash buttons.
Being bored for politicians, similar to Fortnite. Uses raspberry pi.
Job hunting for celebrities, similar to Black Mirror. Uses dash buttons.
Digital wellbeing for the LGBT community, similar to Doordash. Uses smart speakers.
Resource maps for millenials, similar to Yelp. Uses wearables.
Job hunting for teenagers, similar to Instagram. Uses raspberry pi.
Delivery for Windows phone users, similar to Shazam. Uses dash buttons.
Sharing unnecessary data about yourself for minorities, similar to eBay. Uses IoT.
Job hunting for McDonalds employees, similar to eBay. Uses 3D printing.
A repetitive addicting mobile game for brogrammers, similar to Google Trips. Uses 3D printing.
CRM for farmers, similar to Instagram. Uses selling ads.
Making money for farmers, similar to Slack. Uses x-as-a-service.
Sharing music for small businesses, similar to Welcome. Uses the gig economy.
Cheap transportation for an unrealistically large demographic, similar to Upstream. Uses AR.
News aggregation for Republicans, similar to Google News. Uses streaming.
Delivery for Windows phone users, similar to reddit. Uses streaming.
Education for people that genuinely enjoy 21 Pilots, similar to reddit. Uses machine learning.
Places to stay for Christians, similar to Netflix. Uses blockchain.
Event planning for brogrammers, similar to GoPro. Uses x-as-a-service.
Saving money for members of the Tres Commas Club, similar to Youtube. Uses sensors.
Spam prevention for children, similar to Kickstarter. Uses big data.
Delivery for couch potatoes, similar to Google News. Uses automation.
Gambling for Christians, similar to Welcome. Uses x-as-a-service.
Sharing music for politicians, similar to Snapchat. Uses too many APIs.
Memes for people that genuinely enjoy 21 Pilots, similar to Uber. Uses AR.
Gambling for atheists, similar to reddit. Uses low-power bluetooth beacons.
Event planning for berkeley students, similar to eBay. Uses AR.
Education for middle-class suburban moms, similar to Amazon. Uses dash buttons.
Cheap transportation for 18-to 34-year-old college-educated single white men making at least $70,000 per year, similar to Instacart. Uses AR.
Sharing unnecessary data about yourself for small businesses, similar to Black Mirror. Uses endless scrolling.
Tech elitism for people that genuinely enjoy 21 Pilots, similar to GoPro. Uses blockchain.
Ad tech for atheists, similar to Pinterest. Uses React Native.
Making money for seniors, similar to GoPro. Uses wearables.
Sharing unnecessary data about yourself for an unrealistically large demographic, similar to Bird/Lime. Uses big data.
Being bored for restaurants, similar to Robinhood. Uses big data.
Fitness for children, similar to Wish. Uses low-power bluetooth beacons.
Event planning for celebrities, similar to Kiwibot. Uses streaming.
Memes for Silicon Valley entrepeneurs, similar to Google Trips. Uses smart speakers.
Office management for outdoorsy people, similar to Venmo. Uses React Native.
Statistics tracking for Republicans, similar to Airbnb. Uses big data.
Data reference for children, similar to Kiwibot. Uses machine learning.
Job hunting for Windows phone users, similar to Instacart. Uses too many APIs.
Delivery for homeowners, similar to Roku. Uses automation.
Places to stay for celebrities, similar to Uber. Uses VR.
Job hunting for atheists, similar to Stubhub. Uses sensors.